Okay.
So in this lesson, I'll show you a syntactic shortcut for the V slot directive in my parent component.
And this solution will also get rid of the S lint warning that we see right here.
The reason that S lint prefers the solution that I'm about to show you is because it tends to be a little
bit shorter.
It's very simple.
So whenever we have the V slot directive and we provide it with the name of a slot that we want to populate,
we can replace V slot and the colon with a single hash tag.
So the entire directive name and the colon we can just replace with a hashtag, which in technical terms
is actually called an octo thorp octo, which means eight because there's sort of eight sides to that
symbol.
Right.
So this is the exact same thing.
Under the hood, it's still the V slot directive, but it's a much easier way to write it out.
So right here below as well, instead of V slot colon, we simply write a hash tag immediately afterwards
without a space.
We put the name of the slot that we created in the.
All right.
So if we use the title and subtitle names in our child component, we have to use those here.
The only difference here is how we specify them.
We provide a template tag, then a hash tag, then the name of that slot.
I'm going to save this.
I'm going to go back to Chrome so we can see that nothing has changed.
Let me refresh just so I can prove it.
There we go.
The exact same logic.
We are still populating those two slots with their respective contents and we are specifying to view
which content corresponds to which slot.
This is the title content to inject.
This is the subtitle Content to inject.
All right.
And that's all there is to cover in this lesson.
And I will see you in the next one for a section wrap up.